Boy looks
You still have some work to do
I just don't know if you can measure my nervousness
I told you
The strength of the Wu family should be more than that
It seems that there are still people who can punch
Fist
kid
If you can still fight within five moves
Count me lost today
I'll let you know what martial arts are
Excuse me.
Let you give me a chance I'm dead
It seems that I still overestimate you.
I didn't expect it.
You actually
It's already possible to gather gas.
You actually know how to gather qi
It seems that Dong Xianmen has arrived
But I didn't expect
I shaved Arhat sashimi
stand up
You can meet a master who can gather energy
It's me who has no eyes
Master of this work
Boss Hu, you